Do you have any resources
you'd recommend for
learning this stuff on your own
like if you want to go past this?
>> A lot of stack overflow, [LAUGH]
I think part of its like figure out
the thing that you wanna do,
right, especially for
the lambda edge stuff like I think
the possibilities are super cool and
I think about the last time
we did this course in 2018.
You were limited to like
a much smaller time window and
it was like you had a much fewer set
of requests there's like increasingly
more that you can do at the edge.
I watched all the reinvent Keynotes
around lambda gin Cloud Front.
And it's mostly just giant
improvements to performance,
rather than anything around functionality.
But I think a lot of the kinda core pieces
in there are getting kinda better and
faster as we go along.
But a lot of it is like figuring out those
little edge cases like once you have
the problem to solve becomes a lot easier.
Mark.
>> Is it better to use groups and
then give access from there?
>> Yeah, in a lot of cases you have like,
so this is an interesting question.
So the question is basically
around I am and permissions.
I feel like as soon as you get
to like a decent sized company,
instead of putting the policies
directly on a user,
I have a group,
I add that new user to the group,
they have the policies
applied to that group, right?
At a certain size that
totally makes sense.
Would you do that on a personal project?
Have I seen startups that
like I don't know like have
just one account that everyone
logs into you see that too, right?
It comes down to like I think as soon as
you start taking any amount of money like
yes, and you start dealing with something
like that because it's about trust and
stuff like that.
But I think having groups adding users,
that's where the tagging becomes
super important like we effectively,
when I worked at some of the larger
companies that I've worked at,
I had entire teams whose job was
to manage all of that, right?
We were making a user to get us started.
I kind of joked that at the previous
company I didn't have access to any
of those alerts or billing or
group creation, I filed a ticket.
And if I went over my budget,
April came and yelled at me, right?
And there was a report put out, and that's
when I learned that as my $1,000 budget,
I had been spending 13 a month, right?
So a lot of those things, it's a careful
balance between as soon as you're doing
this all yourself, you probably can
kinda do the lightweight version.
And then eventually getting it right is
a course and a skill set on itself, and I
should answer your question like there are
like full AWS like certifications, right?
There are none really focused
on front end engineers,
which was kinda the inspiration
of this course, right?
It's like, cool.
There's solution architect,
right, which is super cool and
I know a bunch of friends have taken and
passed that test for both associate and
professional where you learn
all the things, right?
Shockingly even like kind of preparing for
the update of this course googling that
term will only get you the notes from
the previous version of this course.
So unfortunately, questions [LAUGH]
somewhat hard to answer in this very
like specific use case, but in terms of
like there are full certifications and
everything for AWS itself for
these kinds of things, right?
It's somewhat scant, and it doesn't
bring me a lot of joy to say that but
that is even my own realization,
preparing for the update here as well.
>> Are there any other AWS products that
we should have on our radar as front end
engine?
>> Yeah, totally, totally, totally.
All right, so let's do a few of these.
So the question was other AWS
stuff like future kind of
directions that you could look into and
explore.
So the ones that we were kinda
talking about before is.
Amazon has a few different
products with the name amplify,
which is effectively will
spin up some of these things.
So let's talk about some of
the services that it sits over.
So one of the ones that you might
find super useful is Cognito and
if you use something like Auth zero,
or Firebase Auth, or
something along those lines,
it'll handle like user management for you.
So like permissions authorization,
stuff along those lines and
it's not just like log in with your
Amazon account or anything like that.
You can do log in with Facebook,
so on and so forth.
But the other really interesting
part about that is you
can use Cognito with S3 to do
some really interesting things.
So you can say like, hey user, you
uploaded a photo so I wanna actually give
that photo only permission for
you to actually view, right?
And so some of that kinda permission stuff
when we were setting up the policies, for
given are the roles as well for a given
intro AWS service, you can actually give
them a signed URL, which says like, here's
a URL is good for like 24 hours, right?
And stuff along those lines,
you can actually mix Cognito,
with some of the storing true images or
videos or access management
around your actual media with Cognito
in a way that is really cool.
Another one that is super popular and
really useful,
we can argue is definitely
not a front end thing.
But Dynamo is an incredibly
scalable database.
It's a no SQL database.
So it's a little bit different
than writing like a SQL query.
There's some nuances as key value store,
you work with cursors.
But you can call that from
a lambda edge function, right?
And so if you wanted to store a small
piece of data in a database or
something along those lines,
Dynamo can scale incredibly well, right?
But even it also works for
very small UCAs as well, and
you can talk to that from some
of your lambda@edge as well.
Another cool one that I think is
incredibly neat, we're writing
the outline for the next version of this,
or the follow up is AppSync.
App sync is allows you basically
spin up a GraphQL server, right?
Well you write basically the schema for
your data structure and
then you hit a button it's like
I'll make you a Dynamo DB right,
that can store all that data
as well as its permissions and
then also like the subscription pays
real time updates to WebSockets.
And put a lot of that kind of in place for
you as well.
So yeah, basically it handles all of the
infrastructure for spinning up an entire
GraphQL based data store where you can
just say what it should all look like.
It creates the databases under the scenes,
you can put some additional
logic in there as well.
Incredibly powerful for
real time maps and rapid prototyping and
stuff along those lines.
Another one is Amazon location service,
which is good for like if you want to
add geolocation into your application.
Has to be and somehow ended up in US west,
so put myself back in US East one but
basically if you need to
add like geocoding and
stuff like that into
your application as well,
this is a service that is accessible for
you to do that.
Trying to think of other
ones off the top of my head.
The other one that comes
up a lot is amplify.
And amplify is kind of there's a few
kinda things that are amplified ask,
they have like a set of like UI components
like component library for react.
There's a CLI that will like spin up some
of the Cognito S3 app sync stuff for
you and like if you've ever
used something like Firebase or
something like that kinda stuff spins
a whole bunch of like services together.
Amplify will do that as well.
They actually believe, I haven't
played around with it too much, but
they have a UI builder, I think we
might have to Google for it separately.
There's a components, but I think there's
also like a builder as well we can
like put together a UI and
stuff along those lines.
And then they also have things
like a code pipeline like
kind of like a GitHub actions
kinda thing code commit as well.
I prefer GitHub for that stuff, but
like you could theoretically you
might like them better as well.
So there's a bunch of like other
things around just the core,
deploying your application,
like the actual like kinda things you
might build your application on top of.
We can argue whether they
are kind of backend services or
kind of backend services at
the disposal of front end engineers.
Because, yeah, like spinning up a set of
databases that you can access through
some JavaScript that you write on
your requests and responses or
having a GraphQL database,
I think is super cool as well.
With that, thank you all so much.
[APPLAUSE]